“The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is practice.”
“Practice creates confidence. Confidence empowers you.”
“No one has ever become poor by giving.”
“The more generous we are, the more joyous we become.”
“Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever.”
“The greatest gift you ever give is your honest self.”
“Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.”
“The more grateful I am, the more beauty I see.”
“As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.”
“Showing gratitude is one of the simplest yet most powerful things humans can do for each other.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more.”
“Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift.”
“Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.”
“The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.”
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.”
“What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count.”
“The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.”
“It's not so much how busy you are, but why you are busy.”
“The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.”
“A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.”
“The purpose of life is a life of purpose.”
“Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.”
“Have patience with all things, but, first of all with yourself.”
“Patience is not simply the ability to wait—it's how we behave while we're waiting. ”
“Great difficulties may be surmounted by patience and perseverance.”
“Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. ”
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
“If you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours.”
“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, and sometimes your smile is the source of your joy.”
“A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.”
“What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.”
“Do not judge me by my success, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.”